
             The Massively Parallel Quantum Chemistry Program
                                 MPQC 1.2

DESCRIPTION
===========

  MPQC computes the properties of molecules, ab initio, on a wide variety of
computer architectures.

  MPQC can compute closed shell and general restricted open shell
Hartree-Fock energies and gradients, second order open shell perturbation
theory (OPT2[2]) and Z-averaged perturbation theory (ZAPT2) energies, and
second order closed shell Moeller-Plesset perturbation theory energies and
gradients.  It also includes a robust internal coordinate geometry
optimizer that efficiently optimizes molecules with many degrees of
freedom.

  MPQC runs on Unix compatible workstations (Intel/Linux, SGI R8000, IBM
RS/6000), symmetric multi-processors (SGI Power Challenge), and massively
parallel computers (IBM SP2, Intel Paragon).

LICENSE
=======

  This software is distributed under the GNU General Public License.  The
the US Government retains a limited license in some of the code, as
prescribed in AL 91-7.  See the file LICENSE for details and additional
information.

DISCLAIMER
==========

  There is no warranty for the program, to the extent permitted by
applicable law.  Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright
holders and/or other parties provide the program "as is" without warranty
of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to,
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.  The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the program
is with you.  Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of
all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

COMPILING AND RUNNING
=====================

 There should be instructions for compiling and running MPQC where you got
the source distribution.  If not, the documentation can be made changing
directory to "src/bin/mpqc/doc" and typing "make mpqc.dvi", "make mpqc.ps",
or "make mpqc.html", as you please.  These commands might not complete
depending on your system's setup.  In this case you will be stuck reading
the TeX source files.
